talk there guys here another video here
channel authentique crimes and this time
bringing you
more a different game a game
exciting exciting surroundings
eike kaká food
Okay, stop. Let's start playing. Repeat.
Easy path easy or easy
easy not
O
almost 46 daiane dos santos the ball one
little ahead
[Music]
no no no no
the other flight or caracas ae
the radical maneuver here ó since it releases the
held will let us go up to but
The hard way is going to fall and I
I trust you know how to spend half of
people free brazil not because people
Can you talk about robbery?
this is not calm yet very serious not
the situation to God my arms the branch
of much higher opinion I think and one
swings from side to side
No, I can not go a year and rope.
bocce trick does not calm calm seems
continue to rock the body and without
get up
ah ah ah ah I'm the guy only has to
this pity
[Music]
This is where I have to go.
this will go will only pass not care
it will break just for the wii
oh my, there's almost love said calm there
Sure no, no, no, do not calm it, let's go.
there we go it's ours we'll get it
our
[Music]
the guy I knew I would pass a
year and the German ia 123 ai face stretcher
Our Manu Stone Stone Who will make the
ecotudo emery galley
Let's travel the cart first to climb.
in the car, no one is going to do it yet
literally a car bomb said it was
a cart on which with everything there in the
new cart was now we go
walking is going to be expensive it's going to be a lot
complicated that the record operates game
cars days in the car already
at dir was cart dad takes me fine
the hbo I have to push it there will
It goes down well.
the will-will take me my wife took me
back goes like the coin coming to
Caraca will get you super hard man mode
Anna Mann, we 're just getting the
maps fix the galley very difficult
I deserve it, I agree with you, old man.
rock has already jumped and was already loving and caring
and I did not see it pay slowly and simply
and lots of calm can fast and long
beach ball on top neca a quiet branch
son do not know if late for school
It was our guys to and is supported by the
My son million a sorry but it's for the good
is the good when I'm old us
take my son was not our old
still gave a true yes it will already be
run then wait a minute I'll get the site will
go and suck
Wow, I'm almost into my son.
I survived this year, I'll get here. It's a guy.
it's a year
and it's not only who knows whom to leave
take the belly leg goes
still oding a bicycle galley
Sai band had not come out
wait here sings O score butt
die in the last seconds face to people
You have to get the bomb, only she
go handle pick up pump handle
Sunday sunday I'm alive dude I asked him
own arm with guys just one
beast today but if your boss
Okay, aaaah, you pay me, man.
so the next boss I think it's
you're not paying me very well everything
more is I deserve to receive the 82 hours
that I do every day I know the day
has 24 hours but ends up working more
to 60 working little what we are going to see and
save me pay me looks at the camera
[Music]
[Applause]